Boss rectifies the park
It's not that easy.
Yes boss
No one is working in the park at all now
Everyone in the city is thinking about how to rib holes
Just you pack those two goods today.
They are the blood gang
It is said that there are still many people
Blood Gang Boss
You offended the blood gang
What's wrong? Is it serious?
Isn't it just about beating two mice away?
Is it that serious?
Liu Bingbing, the leader of the Blood Gang
This person is very careful
He will definitely get revenge on you.
Then I'll follow
Snow Gang says less about dozens of people
Then see how you take the call
Don't just slow us down
Yeah, don't slow me down then
Pardon me?
Han Lili, how do you talk to the boss?
What's wrong? Isn't that the truth?
At that time, you will see if you are the boss.
Tomorrow Han Lili
I'll let you know how I rate it
Bliss
You don't have to pay them anymore
That's very nice.
Do you really believe him?
Why don't you believe it?
Mr. Yan is not the boss
It's from Xinhui
How will the teacher's heart be?
It's over.